This Terms and Conditions agreement (“Agreement”) between you (“you” or “your”) and Oryx Design Lab (“Oryx Design Lab”) sets forth the terms and conditions of use of the goods (game artwork) and services (http://www.oryxdesignlab.com) set forth herein (collectively “Service(s)”). You accept that the Agreement may change from time to time effective immediately upon posting on the web site with the URL http://www.oryxdesignlab.com/license

Non-Exclusive License
Upon purchasing a Oryx Design Lab Sprite Set (“game artwork”) you become a Non-Exclusive Rights Holder bound to the following terms:

You are granted non-exclusive, royalty free, rights to the use of the game artwork in games and applications (“Product”).
Game artwork may be used in free, shareware, or commercial products.
You are granted the use of game artwork for promotional purposes of the Product (e.g. logos, or video trailers.)
You are granted the right to modify the game artwork to suit your Product.
You are NOT permitted use the game artwork in part or in whole to create new game artwork for sale or free distribution.
Licensee shall attempt to protect the game artwork in a Product (e.g. embed the artwork in a library file or archive).
The license is not transferable.

Property Rights
The Licensed Material is not being sold; it is being provided to the Licensee under the terms of this agreement, which allows for use of Licensed Material but does not transfer ownership. Ownership remains with Oryx Design Lab;

Licensee has the non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to use the Licensed Material an unlimited number of times in any and all media for the following commercial or personal purposes (together the "Permitted Uses") subject to the restrictions set forth in the Agreement. Any uses other than the Permitted Uses must be approved by Oryxdesignlab in writing.

All uses must credit www.oryxdesignlab.com, within the Product or accompanying documentation.

Limitation of Liability
You agree and acknowledge that your use of the Service(s) is entirely at your own risk. You agree that Oryx Design Lab will not be liable, under any circumstances, for any (a) termination, suspension, loss, or modification of your Service(s), (b) use or inability to use the Service(s), (c) access interruptions or access delays to Service(s), (d) loss incurred in connection with your Service(s), or (e) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data. Oryx Design Lab will also not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, or consequential, damages of any kind regardless of the form of action. In no event shall Oryx Design Lab’s maximum aggregate liability exceed the total amount paid by you for the Service(s).

Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Oryx Design Lab, directors, and employees for any loss, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses arising out of or related to your use of or connection to the Service(s).

Disclaimer and Warranties
The Service(s) are provided to you on an “as is,” as available basis. Oryx Design Lab makes no representations, warranties or guarantees of any kind whatsoever, express or implied, in connection with this Agreement. Oryx Design Lab further disclaims any representation or warranty: (i) that the Service(s) will meet your specific requirements, (ii) that the Service(s) will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) regarding and Service(s) purchased or obtained through the Service(s), or (iv) that any errors in the Service(s) will be corrected. Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the Service(s) is done at your own discretion and risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to you, third parties, computer systems, audio equipment, or loss of data that results from the download or use of such material.
